During the Second World War,
Japan was buried in the debris.
As the war ended
its stability was completely destroyed.
This opened the door
for the underworld gang, Yakuza,
to try to seize control of Japan.
Their real enemies were the samurai.
They hunted each warrior
and wiped out the samurai's lineage.
The survivors went into hiding
under Mount Fuji's shadow,
and founded a secret society there.
Black Dragon Society.
They're the silent warriors
who trained new soldiers
and fought the Yakuza from the shadows.
But,
in 1970…
The Yakuza discovered the society.
And the war… began!
The Yakuza leader, Kazao,
ended the entire samurai lineage.
The sensei was the sole survivor.
The samurai still lack the strength
to take down the Yakuza, Master.
You have no idea
how powerful the samurai are!
All you know is… violence and bloodshed!
Someone like you must be--
We are an army of a thousand men.
And you guys still hide in the shadows.
Move!
Boss!
The register shows 100 students,
but there are only 99 bodies here.
Wondering who the last man is?
His father was an Indian
who fought for Japan and died a hero.
I raised the boy here
after he was orphaned.
He has mastered a battle beyond wisdom.
He will bring an end to the Yakuza--
Not only the samurai,
even commoners lost everything
because of the Yakuza.
They were forced
to sell everything they owned
and flee to their countries.
-Add it to the cargo.
-Okay, Satya.
The ship is full. There's no space.
Everyone, move back! Move!
Where can they possibly go?
-Get everyone aboard!
-Okay, sir!
Hey, Satya!
Already planning what to buy
in Bombay with this gold?
This gold isn't for buying
cars or mansions.
I'll buy the Colaba coastal area
and develop it into a port.
A port? Why?
A port can carry
heavier loads than this boat.
It'll help many people earn a living.
Hey! Who are you guys?
What are you doing here? Thieves--
Hey! Hey! Stop!
Hey, you can take the gold
if you want! Hey, let them go!
Hey, let them go!
Hey! Drop your gun or I'll kill him!
Drop it!
Eagle, oh eagle!
To kill a wild eagle…
Bombay…
To the hard-working,
it's a city of hope and dreams.
I left Bombay ten years ago, chasing gold.
If you hadn't boarded the ship last night…
My ten years of hard work
would have sunk to the bottom of the sea.
When you said that this hard-earned gold
is worth losing in order to save a life,
it showed me who you truly are.
Build your port for these people.
In exchange…
I'll stand by you.
To think someone like him
is actually coming back…
That Japanese ship changed
Bombay's history 23 years ago.
The one arriving now
will change Bombay's future.
Officers!
Useless buggers!
You can't do anything right.
Tell me, Subedh.
What happened there?
Listen, Jimmy!
They've tightened the security
around the government port.
-What should we do now?
-Hey, you nutcase!
Dock the ship at Colaba Port immediately!
But that is… Satya Dada's port.
Hey! Just do as I say.
Useless fools!
We have to get the container out somehow.
-Come quickly!
-Omi will kill us all if he finds out!
He wouldn't even spare his own brother.
By relation, I'm like your father…
My name is Shahenshah!
All the ships for today
have docked already, right?
What's this?
Mr. Kuldeep said it's a VIP emergency
and ordered us to update it, sir.
Hey, what's happening here?
Where are you taking the container
before inspection, Kuldeep?
Hey! Lower it!
-Whose container is this?
-It is Jimmy's!
It belongs to Jimmy, brother!
Hey, Pardhu, my childhood friend!
This is where we used to play
cops and robbers, right?
I swear we used to play
cops and robbers here!
This scene brings back those memories.
Hey, Kuldeep,
that's our container. Leave it.
-Hey, lower it!
-Hey!
-That's our container. Leave it.
-This is Satya Dada's port!
Not even a piece of coal
leaves the port without permission.
What's up with him?
Today, you be the cop.
Start the countdown.
-Go!
-Okay… okay!
Ten…
Nine…
Lower it!
Eight…
-Seven.
-Bring it down.
Six…
-Open it up.
-Okay, sir.
Five…
Four…
Three…
Two…
One.
RDX!
Suleiman!
Kill those idiots!
Lift it up! Come on!
Hey! Catch him!
-Boss! Let's go.
-Come, Jimmy!
-Come fast!
-Oh, no…
We can't just leave the container.
-That's ours!
-Bhadra, get the car!
-JD! Come on, let's go.
-Let's get out of here quickly.
Hurry up, let's go.
-Jimmy, listen to me.
-Let's go!
-Get in the car!
-Hurry! Move!
Start the car.
-Come on, Boss!
-Start the car!
Naga! Check over there!
Dheena!
That one death…
changed Bombay's fate forever.
Hello?
The CM is in a meeting.
It'll be over in ten minutes.
Sir…
-What happened?
-I heard Jimmy killed Satya's son!
Jimmy!
-Did you kill Pardhu?
-Did you wake me up for this?
Because… his father is Satya Dada.
Satya Dada!
Arjun?
Arjun!
The one who died is your uncle, right?
Death in our family
is as common as storms in Bombay.
It's my uncle today.
Fifteen years ago…
It was my dad.
-Mom…
-Arjun…
What is this, Arjun?
You're the family heir.
You should be in the front.
Why are you here at the back?
Well…
Everyone you name as the heir
is meeting their end rather too soon.
Don't add me to the list.
Mr. Dharani, tell Mom that I'm back.
Don't tell her I had a smoke.
Aren't you ashamed, Mr. IG?
Instead of finding
who killed Pardhu at the port,
you've come here asking for a statement.
Geetha…
Mirajkar is here.
They'd gone their separate ways,
but this death has forced them to meet.
Who knows what's next?
Whoever is behind Pardhu's death...
We won't spare him!
I'll bring him down…
even if he's the mightiest of all!
We'll know what's next soon enough.
-Let's go.
-Hey!
Lakshmi…
Hey!
What is this? Will you hit me?
Will you really hit me?
Hey!
Hey, hey!
Hey! Hey… Stop her!
Hey, Dad! Stop her! Stop her!
Jimmy…
We're stopping with just this
as he's a suspect in Pardhu's murder.
Things would be very different
if that's proven.
I hope you know who will come back now.
Arjun, what led to their conflict?
The port.
What are you thinking now?
You stood silently
while she hit me in front of everyone.
What could I do?
What do you even know about me?
The port had a thousand people…
We had surrounded it from all sides.
And I had Satya trapped inside.
They put chains around my neck.
Grandpa…
They tried to scare him.
And beat him up badly.
-No one's coming to save you.
-I had an army of hundreds.
Can anyone overcome all of this?
Is that possible?
Grandpa...
A storm alert was issued
off the Bombay coast.
Who was he?
Who?
Boogeyman!
When a cyclone strikes…
Bow down to the tide.
When OG comes…
You run and hide!
Hey…
Any real men here?
Step up and claim this port!
This port was built with the help
of the gold that you saved 15 years ago.
Even after witnessing it, they defied you.
Such audacity
must be destroyed today, Gambheera.
What are you waiting for? Kill him!
Hey! Pull out your guns!
-Quickly! Get them out now!
-Come on!
Hey! Don't let him
touch the sword! Push it away!
Hey…
Come on!
-Dheena…
-Yes, Gambheera.
Anybody left?
Just one guy.
Gambheera, forgive me!
I made a mistake!
I won't repeat this!
Forgive me, Gambheera!
-Please forgive me.
-Hey!
If you ever strike against Dada again
or even think of seizing this port,
I won't be talking to you,
but to your headless corpse.
Get lost!
They'd only measure
the amount of rainfall until then.
But they measured
the amount of bloodshed that day.
The heat of that bloodshed…
reached every corner of Bombay.
They hoisted that blood-stained shirt
as a flag!
If you bother Dada again,
that sword
will reach your neck, my son.
Where is Gambheera now?
Why isn't he here?
He left Bombay… 15 years ago.
-Fifteen years?
-Why, Arjun?
Because Gambheera is the one
who killed Dada's eldest son, my dad.
A death in this family will
definitely bring him back to Bombay.
Until I spill his blood with my own hands,
I won't set foot in this house again.
Sir, this man, OG…
He put an end to gang wars
in Bombay 15 years ago.
This port murder
will rouse them again, sir.
Explain it in detail, Mr. IG.
Last week, they noticed a suspicious ship
in the Indian international waters.
Later, it disappeared from the radar
and turned up in Satya Dada's port.
An investigation revealed that the murder
is directly related to that container.
Call me immediately, Jimmy.
Our intel report says that
the container is dangerous, sir.
Sir, we've received confirmation
that Jimmy killed Dada's son, Pardhu.
Everyone who came to the wake
knows who the murderer is.
The man behind it
is scarier than the container.
If Pardhu's death is to matter,
they must never
get hold of this container.
-Mr. IG.
-Sir!
This isn't the old Bombay.
Dada's power has weakened.
Even OG isn't by his side right now.
OG hasn't returned in 10 years.
There's no guarantee that he'll return
under these circumstances.
Tell me, Jimmy.
Tawde, the container must be taken
out of Satya Dada's port somehow.
I don't know what you'll do.
Don't worry, Jimmy.
I'll take care of it.
All the goods must be loaded by evening.
Are you blind?
Bloody idiots! How dare you
use the port for illegal smuggling!
Hey, take him away! Go.
Move, you idiot!
Hey, move!
-Move! Move!
-Hey, take him away!
-Come here!
-Hey!
Go to Dada's house
and tell him that the cops are here.
-Okay, Mom!
-Go quickly!
Hey, move!
Hey, move, you wastrel! Move!
-Hey!
-Hey, let me go!
All of you, listen up!
We've received information
about illegal smuggling at the port.
Please cooperate with the cops
and avoid unnecessary conflict.
Sir, the container is here!
There... There are cops at the port.
Did you find it?
Where the hell have you guys
hidden the container? Where?
The container isn't here.
You're not saying where you hid it.
If I lay my hands on you,
will they talk then?
I must check you. Okay?
Hey!
Hey… Tawde!
-Hey!
-Sir, sir! Let go, sir.
This won't end well.
-Lower your gun!
-What if I don't?
Are you mad?
Are you threatening a cop?
I can have the whole port seized
with just one phone call.
I'll make a call too.
But before that,
I'll shoot you and go to jail.
Then I will call the MP
and come out on bail.
As soon as I'm out, I'll go to the houses
of everyone who has come here with you,
shoot them, and make another call!
You want that?
Hey! Let's go, everyone. Move! Move!
Speak up! Speak, you lowlife! Speak!
That container is not in the port.
We searched everywhere,
but couldn't find it.
You won't tell me?
We don't know anything!
Please let us go!
The old man who hid the container…
Satya Dada…
Where is he?
My brother finally
trusted me with something.
You can't even do that right.
That old geezer.
I'll kill everyone!
Every single one of them!
Nashik!
He's gone to Nashik… with Pardhu's ashes!
-Yes, hello?
-Uncle Pathan.
Yes, Jimmy!
Long time, no see.
How are you?
One of our preys
has strayed into your territory.
Oh! No problem.
I'll catch whoever it is.
What's his name?
Satya Dada.
Satya Dada…
Once I come there,
let's finish him off together.
Our people who arrested by Tawde
-weren't at the station.
-You've got a call!
-He says it's Bhadra!
-Bhadra?!
Bhadra?
-Hello?
-Uncle, it's me, Bhadra.
Bhadra, tell me.
-He knows... Dada is... in Nashik.
-Hello? Hello?
-Who is Bhadra?
-One of our men.
He's been working for them for ten years.
-What happened, Bhadra?
-Dheena…
Dheena, Jimmy has learned
that Dada is in Nashik.
He's on his way to kill him.
He's got over thirty people with him.
Hurry up and do something, Dheena!
-Hey, Bhadra! Come fast.
-Yes! I'm coming!
It looks like they're trying to kill Dada.
Dada?
Geetha, I have to go.
Take care of the port.
Nashik's only 100 km away, Jimmy.
Today, that old man dies at your hands!
We'll catch that old man!
Let's go, Jimmy!
If they've traced Dada, the situation
is slipping out of our control.
Let's talk to all the politicians we know.
Mr. Amit, Vittal, Joshi and Gurunath.
There must be at least one person
-willing to stand by us, right?
-Yes, there is.
In fact, we have many supporters.
But there's only one…
who'd dare oppose them.
Just one man.
You saw Gambheera? When?
I went to meet him.
Seven years ago…
In Madurai.
-Yes, tell me?
-Sir!
There's a beheaded corpse
in Ganapathy Lodge, please come quickly.
GANAPATHY LODGE
WELCOME
THIS WAY
They said they'd never seen
such a crime scene in their lives.
And that a man who was
a guest at the lodge that day
killed them all
to rescue 40 girls from human trafficking.
It was our Gambheera!
MADURAI POLICE STATION
Sir, he's the one
who killed them all.
Hey, why did you let him sit there?
You'll understand when you look
at the contents of his bag.
What's in the bag? Open it.
A ship pass from Japan to Madras--
-Hey! He is not an ordinary man.
-Sir?
Sir, shall I file an FIR for 20 murders--
Do you remember the big storm
that hit Bombay ten years ago?
Even that storm couldn't wash away
all the blood he spilled.
It was a freaking blood bath!
If he has returned…
Do as I say.
Send him out the back door.
That's our best option.
I'll never forget that day!
The SI was too scared to even
discuss what had happened that day.
After that, I called
the police station a few times.
I inquired in the surrounding areas.
No matter what I asked them,
they only gave me one name.
Kanmani?
Yes!
Kanmani!
That name sounds familiar… One moment.
To the revered Mr. Satyanarayana.
You may not know how I am related to you,
but I'm close to someone
you know very well.
My name is Kanmani.
I'm a doctor working in Madurai.
The patients who come to me
for treatment are my only family.
But you became my real kin through him.
His name… is Gambheera.
Hey!
Stand up!
Begin!
Gambheera…
This is Eli. He's the head
of the Indian Aikido Federation.
Disperse!
Gambheera, I've never heard about you.
There's no account of you learning
Aikido anywhere in the federation books.
Master Surya said
that you learned Aikido in Japan.
If what you are saying
is all true, come fight me!
And prove that
you are not a bloody cheater!
Don't talk rubbish, Eli!
Doctor, someone's fighting with Gambheera.
Gambheera!
We didn't discuss the prize, right?
How about her?
When his loved ones were in danger,
I saw the full extent
of Gambheera’s fury that day.
What are you doing?
It's not a toy sword! It's a katana!
-I know!
-What do you know?
Why are you packing? There's a truck
downstairs and people are rushing about.
-We're moving to a new house.
-Where are we going?
Somewhere else.
You must leave the violence behind.
I have my dojo here and you have
your clinic. Where are we going?
Somewhere else!
-Why do you care?
-Kanmani, where are we going?
-Why?
-Tell me where we're going!
I'm asking you! Tell me!
Why are we leaving?
This isn't for you and me.
-Who is it for then?
-Not for the two of us.
It'd be nice to have
some family support right now.
We have no one, Kanmani.
INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
Come.
What were you doing before our marriage?
No!
-Ah…
-I just asked casually.
Not to be nosy.
Stop writing letters to Dada.
We have no one.
No one will come to our aid.
I wanted to reunite you with Dada.
But no need for that.
We are here for you.
This will be my last letter to you.
I never intended to trouble you.
But the one who'll always stand by you
at the time of your need,
is my husband, Gambheera.
With regards, Kanmani.
Ask CI Tawde to release the men
he arrested at our port.
You're only concerned
about your employees.
But I'm more concerned
about the danger coming your way.
Do you know who owns
the container that came to your port?
Omi!
He's sitting there.
David trusts nobody!
So how did he trust you?
Seems like the container
went missing in Bombay. Right?
I have a question.
Do you know what RDX is?
Give David one good reason
to spare your life.
The demon is watching us.
Don't look back.
Demon?
Will the demon eat me or something?
His brother bragged like this, too.
But the idiot lost a valuable container.
Where is your… Demon?
This is just a sample.
That container…
carries a thousand times more.
I'll go to Bombay myself.
I'll give you a good show!
Omkar Vardhaman!
Mirajkar's eldest son.
He grew up outside India…
From drug cartels to mafia dons,
Omi committed countless crimes
with their backing.
That container isn't just cargo.
It's his entire empire's lifeline.
He'll definitely come
to Bombay to get it back.
So…
Did you find out anything about Dada?
MAHARASTRA STATE HEALTH DEPARTMENT
DISTRICT GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL, NASHIK
Madam, may I make a call?
Taara!
Have you seen Taara?
-She went that way, ma'am.
-That way?
Taara!
Where are you going without eating?
I've told you already!
How many times must I say it?
Kanmani…
How are you, dear?
Dada, is it really you?
How are you?
Did you receive my letters?
Since you didn't reply,
I thought you hadn't received them.
I stayed away all these days
as I didn't want to burden him
with my dreams and needs, dear.
But now…
the entire Bombay needs him.
-Tell me, Kanmani.
-Can you come to the hospital?
-I'll come, but it'll take some time.
-Come quickly.
What happened?
Your father is here.
How are you related to my father?
Dada, as long as I live…
this house…
and your two sons…
will be safe!
I don't have two sons…
but three.
Come, darling.
DISTRICT GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL, NASHIK
-Look! The real fun begins now!
-Move, move!
-Move!
It looks like he'll destroy
the whole hospital at this pace!
-Jimmy!
-Where is that old man?
-We'll kill him today!
-Over there.
Go, go, go! Find him!
What's happening?
Dada, Jimmy's men have surrounded
the hospital to catch you.
Kanmani, no.
Don't tell him I was here. Take her.
-What happened, Dada? Da…
-There's some danger outside. Stay here!
Everyone down!
Jimmy, we need the old man alive.
Let's go!
Search over there.
Dada, come.
Come, Dada, come.
Come.
Come quickly!
Jimmy!
The old man got away!
Sir! Omi is in Bombay.
He went towards the port.
Hello?
Geetha, I am at the hospital.
Jimmy's men have set it on fire!
Doctors, patients, kids…
They haven't spared anyone!
Idiot, sit down!
Hey!
Put down your guns!
I know that my container is in this port.
Imagine how valuable it is…
if I've personally come to collect it.
Very soon, my brother
will hold a knife to Satya Dada's throat
and tell me my container's location.
Hey, Jimmy!
Stop him quickly.
I won't just stop him.
I'll kill that idiot today!
-Mom…
-Ganga… Ganga…
-Mom… Mom…
Geetha came here to save you.
But who will come to save her?
Bring whoever you want.
Go.
Run!
Hey, here.
Kill him with this.
Ganga! Ganga!
Ganga!
-Ganga! Ganga!
-Oh, no… Ganga!
Let me go!
-Hey!
-Where are you going?
-Let me go!
-Keep quiet.
I've only used one bullet, Geetha.
But for every step you take,
I'll shoot another one.
And one more person will die.
Tick-tock…
Jimmy, the old man has escaped.
That geezer will be
hiding here somewhere.
To lure the rat,
we must smoke it out.
Hey!
Hey! Stop, please!
Hey, hey, hey!
What the hell are you doing?
From now on, this port is…
Ours.
If we find the container,
no one… can stop us.
Have you seen him?
Hey, look!
What's going on over there?
Tell me where the container is.
Hey! They're here!
Dada, please run away!
If you tell me, the little girl will live.
And this port will prosper.
The time limit Omi
gave you is almost over.
Don't overthink it.
I'll tell you.
But before that,
I want to tell you all a story.
Years ago,
a man came into the kingdom
as a supporter of the king.
He came to offer support,
but they thought he came to hide.
But he stood by the king
with his head held high
like a true protector!
-We found the old man!
-Bring that idiot here.
Though not bound by blood,
the people believed that
he was the rightful heir to the kingdom.
We found the old man!
Maybe the fear of death drove the enemies…
to pray.
Because one day,
that man drifted away
from the king and the kingdom.
DISTRICT GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL, NASHIK
Kan… Kanmani…
Kanmani.
Hey, D-Doctor.
-Your father… your father…
-Kanmani…
is in da… danger…
For love, he even gave up war.
And now you've killed his love.
All that he has now is… war!
Catch the old man! Catch him!
Search this side!
Check over there! Don't let him escape!
-They killed Bannu! Bannu…
-Jimmy, wait!
Who?
Who are you talking about?
Tell me who it is!
Hey... It's not him, is it?
It's not him, right?
Tell me!
My son will handle everything now.
Hey!
Ga… Gambheera.
Gambheera.
Gambheera…
Boogeyman!
Is he the boogeyman my dad told me about?
I prayed to Satan
for his return every single day.
The Satan you spoke of, prays to him…
not to return!
GAMBHEERA
Hey… Your time is up.
Gambheera's time starts now.
Hey!
The call is for you.
Your brother’s been beheaded.
You're up next!
OG is coming!
I don't know if it'll be his or mine…
But a head… will definitely roll!
Kanmani…
K-Kanmani… Kanmani…
I didn't know…
if I’d get to see you again.
Doc… Doctor!
I couldn’t stay with you longer
to support you in this life.
Kanmani… Kanmani…
Dada, where are you going?
Without a lion to hunt them,
the foxes are running wild in the jungle.
It's time for Gambheera to hunt again.
Jimmy…
Jimmy!
No! No! No!
No… This…
This can't be my son, Jimmy!
This can't be my Jimmy!
-Jimmy!
-Jimmy…
It took us all night
to track down Jimmy's head.
Everything's the same
as before, except for the rain.
Not the rain…
They issued an even bigger danger
alert on the radio this morning.
What was the alert about?
Look at him boldly smoking
in Mirajkar's house!
That isn't his boldness.
So, what was the alert on the radio?
Hey!
A storm is on its way.
Gambheera…
He's coming back?
Brother, we need
two days. I'm not bluffing.
-Sir! Sir!
-I swear. What happened?
Gambheera has come back to Bombay, sir.
-Gambheera?
-Yes!
Sir, as I was saying…
He hung up the moment
he heard Gambheera's name.
Hey, Tawde. How are you?
I welcome you…
to my police station.
Where did Omi hide our employees
and Geetha? Tell me.
The people from your port?
Dang! I can't recall where I hid them.
Where did I hide them?
Hey! Where are the people from the port?
Let me check if they're in here. Are they?
They're not here.
If you want to check, come on.
-You...
-You're most welcome!
Dheena…
I heard they call you "Tiger."
Are you really a tiger?
Alright, maybe you are a tiger.
But… the world has changed now.
The world today favors the fastest runner.
You tigers…
have grown old.
Rusty guns were used in your era.
Let me show you
what a real gun looks like today.
This generation's super-fast gun!
Look! Have you seen this piece?
Ever heard its name?
Watch, I'll show you the magic.
Do you know what it's called, son?
A double-barrel gun.
This finger…
will now decide your future!
Speak now.
Tawde… shoot me. Shoot.
-Pull the trigger! Yes!
-Shall I pull it?
Parvesh…
-Parvesh!
-Yes, Gambheera.
Grab his hand.
-Hold his hand tight!
-Bring me the cigarettes.
I said, hold his hand!
Hold his hand!
Hey! You losers! Disloyal dogs!
Pull out his finger!
Pull it out, damn it!
Hey, Shankar Rao!
Yes, sir.
Bring me a dagger for this scum!
You guys screwed me
over in my own station!
Hurry up! How much time do you need?
Cut it.
Why are you hesitating? Cut it!
-Hey… Hey
-Okay, sir!
-Chop it off! Hey! Hey…
-Are you all mad?
Hey… Wait.
Hold on, let me think.
Hey, Dheena…
If we cut one finger,
he'll flaunt the others.
Let's do this instead.
Let's cut the whole hand off.
-Sure, Gambheera.
-Shankar Rao!
-Sir?
-Chop his hand off.
Hey…!
-Chop the scumbag's hand!
-Okay, sir.
-Hey, Gawde, bring a bigger knife.
-Hey..
I will kill every one of you!
Shankar Rao, how much time do you need?
-Two minutes, sir.
-Hurry up!
You're saying two minutes
but it's taking forever! Hurry up!
Hey, Gawde!
Show me. What's this?
I wanted a big one. Not this!
Damn it! I didn't ask for a Bofors gun!
A rusted knife. Just one! Go find it!
A single rusted knife!
Not a single rusted knife
in this whole station, huh?
-Go search, you idiot! Fast!
-Go and get one.
Gawde…
Now, let me show you.
Bloody fool, you can't do this! Move!
Come on, stretch his hand out.
Stretch his hand out! Properly!
Stretch it properly. One more inch.
Hold it like this!
-Bloody scumbag!
-Worli!
Worli construction building.
They hid everyone from the port there.
Including Geetha.
A deer can run 90 miles per hour.
But a tiger can go
up to 60 miles per hour only.
Yet the tiger brings down
the deer in a hunt.
You know why?
Fear.
The deer gets caught due to its fear
of being killed by the tiger.
Fear!
Run!
What happened?
-OG…
-Huh?
OG… OG!
OG is here!
-Hurry! Run!
-Where are you going?
Hey, run!
Get inside, all of you!
Let me deal with OG.
Everyone get in!
I’m here to save my people.
Go get whoever you want to save you.
Go. Go!
Pick up the gun.
Kill him!
I thought you were here as our bodyguards.
Yes. To save you from Gambheera.
Gambheera.
I wanted to set him ablaze
at the murder scene.
-But I couldn't find his head.
-No!
Wait, Omi! Wait!
Your brother isn't here now
to tell you about me.
You're not in a state
to listen to your father.
That's why I am here.
You have time until the pyre turns to ash.
Let it all go.
Including the container.
You dare give Omi a warning?
This isn't a warning… but a verdict.
OG's verdict!
Hey, no!
Gambheera killed my father
fifteen years ago
and left Bombay.
That memory has stayed
with me since I was six years old.
Arjun!
A bullet in my father's head...
K. CHAKRAVARTHY,
BIRTH: 23-10-1943, DEATH: 15-6-1978
...and a gun in Gambheera's hand.
I want to drag him to death with me.
I learned Japan's history
and about the bloodshed
in Bombay, all for him.
Finally, the day has come!
Gambheera is back in Bombay.
I don't care why he has returned.
But I'll be the reason for his death!
If I ask you something,
will you do it without refusing?
Listen!
If anything happens to me in the future…
What... Don't talk nonsense!
I only meant "if"...
Take our daughter
and return to your father.
Promise me you'll do so.
I'm scared.
Okay.
Gambheera!
The CM is here to meet Dada.
Hiding the container…
The chaos at the port…
Killing Jimmy…
When will all this stop?
Leave this problem to me.
Tell me where the container is
and I'll take care of the rest.
It's better if you don't
interfere in this matter.
We'll take care of it.
You’ve come all this way.
Have some tea before you go.
I’m no longer the Corporator
who bends to your orders.
I'm the Chief Minister of this state.
One call…
One call to my men there
and your port here will be ours.
SUCCESSFUL FLIGHT
Your worthless past…
Have you forgotten
the incident from 15 years ago?
Gambheera!
Have you forgotten about
the Mahankali Jatara at Malad?
Hey!
Our shirts turned red
for the sake of your white shirts.
We killed hundreds
to get you into the assembly.
You built your party office
on their graves.
You knew there were
thousands of kilos of RDX at the port
and that Bombay was in danger.
Yet you stayed silent.
You must remain so from now on.
No rule!
No law!
Only Gambheera's law!
No! No!
Tell me, you scumbag.
-I'll tell you.
-Go on.
A hundred people must've died.
This bloodbath was
his deadly warning to Omi.
What can he even do?
I'll inform David right away.
It's some guy called OG.
He killed all of Omi's men here.
The container's also with him.
Seems like our plan is off.
Finish Omi, that scumbag.
His death must be so terrifying
that people fear not just
breaking promises but even making them.
You can search the port a hundred times.
But you’ll find nothing, I swear.
I've combed the place inch by inch.
The container isn't there.
That's an old map, Omi.
Here, this is the new one.
The new port map shows
two underground floors.
The old map shows three.
The RDX is right here, man!
Applause!
Finally, we know where the RDX is.
But it's too late.
You couldn’t do anything
when Gambheera wasn't here.
And now he's back!
What more can you accomplish?
I'll teach you
how to get the work done.
If you had had the guts
in the first place,
David wouldn't have needed my help.
However, I don't deal
with bootlickers like you.
So, fuck off!
-What did you say--
-Hey! Stop, stop!
We gain nothing by fighting
amongst ourselves.
-Let me talk. Let him go--
-Move!
Omi is planning something big.
Discarding the container
won’t stop the danger or Omi.
Is he that powerful, Gambheera?
You must have heard
of the great city of Waaji.
Omi was the first to eye that city.
Omkar Vardhaman Mirajkar!
In the process of trying
to take over Waaji,
he tried to kill Satya Dada's
younger brother, Roy Nandhan.
From this moment on, my son…
Saaho, is dead to the world.
After that attack, he became
known as the man who scared Roy
and rose through the ranks in the global
crime syndicate as an illegal arms dealer.
But he never dared
to enter India… until now.
If he's executing
such a massive plan now,
he must have a strong backer.
It's for you!
Say it!
Co… Co… Cobra!
He stays in Waaji.
Omi, there's only one outcome
if you break your promise to David.
Any last words?
I was only supposed to deliver
the RDX container.
But now, I won't stop there.
Tomorrow, exactly at 9 p.m.
not one, but in nine places...
Nine blasts, all at once!
People will be out as usual,
wearing carefree smiles.
And the stock market
will be ticking along as usual.
But this day… will be different.
Bombay's flames will be so fierce,
its heat will reach you in Dubai.
David is planning
such huge blasts in India…
It's a statement.
And tomorrow's the best day for it.
How can you be so sure?
Because tomorrow is his birthday.
I'll make sure that India
will always remember your birthday.
It's my promise.
Now this war is personal.
Very personal!
Don't worry about the cost.
Give our people the best care.
-This trust was created for them.
-Mom!
-Look after them.
-Okay, madam.
When did you get here?
Though I was away from all of you…
I didn't forget anyone.
See my hand trembling?
-But when I hold this gun… it stops.
-Arjun!
But the trembling in here…
-only ends with Gambheera's death!
-Arjun…
That's why I went to him
before seeing you.
I am Chakri's son…
Didn't recognize me?
Arjun! What have you done?
I went there to kill him.
-But…
-Dad!
A cheetah? You've drawn very well.
Hi! What's your name?
-Taara. And yours?
-Arjun. Come.
-Hey, Naga.
-Kadar.
-Just a minute.
-Watch it.
When the elders fight…
it's kids like us who suffer the most.
Shall we play?
The reason I didn't kill
Gambheera all these days…
-Taara!
-Have you seen the girl?
...was to give him something
more painful than death.
-Shut up!
-Dad!
God has given me a chance now.
The suffering you went through
when Dad passed away…
that man must feel it now.
Hey, don't cry! Shut up!
Hey, go faster!
He must run madly
through the streets of Bombay,
frantically searching for his daughter.
-Dad! Dad!
-I told you to sit quietly!
After running around…
-…when he's tired…
-Hey!
Hey! What the hell did you do?
Dad…
Hey, Arjun! Stop!
Dad, please wake up!
Dad…
You killed my father right in front of me!
I'll kill you in front of your daughter.
Your death will stay with Taara
for the rest of her life.
Arjun!
-Hey!
-I've been waiting...
-Dad…
-...for this day for so long.
We work for Omi, not for you.
Ten times more pay…
Hey… take the girl away!
Brother, come fast… Hurry!
-Hey, start the car!
-Move it! Fast!
Gambheera… Gambheera!
Mom!
Sir, our money?
-How much?
-Ten each.
He swore he'd save the port and Bombay.
But he couldn't even save himself.
How dare he challenge Omi!
-Finish him off!
-Hey, Omi!
Why do you need Gambheera? Just untie me.
We’ll see who survives, you or me.
If only Gambheera was here…
Hey! Uncle…
Gambheera!
You're sheltering a man
who murdered your son.
Hey, Arjun! What's with the gun?
-Where did you hide him?
-Arjun. Listen to me.
-Arjun. Listen to me, Arjun!
-Hey!
Hey!
I must kill him today at any cost.
If you get in my way…
-I don't mind killing you, too.
-Arjun!
If I'd known you'd turn out like this,
-I wouldn't have hidden the truth.
-Geetha.
No, Dada. It's already too late.
Gambheera's suffering
so much because of him!
-He killed my dad.
-What do you even know about your dad?
Your dad used to import drugs
to the port behind Dada's back.
He held a grudge ever since
Gambheera burned the stash.
I thought he'd change,
but he turned out worse.
We can't lay a hand on Gambheera
since he has your father's support.
What if my dad is out of the picture?
He kidnapped his own dad
to take control of the port.
Gambheera saved both you and Dada.
Dada threw Chakri out of the port
once he found out.
Driven by that anger…
-Chakri, why are you taking the gun?
-To end them both!
-Whoever I see first, dies first!
-Chakri? Chakri!
-No, Chakri! Please!
-Geetha! Get out of my way.
-I'm talking to you! Geetha!
-Chakri! Give me the gun.
Geetha, give me the gun!
No… Chakri, listen to me.
Please listen to me, Chakri…
-Your worry is making me suspicious.
-What are you doing?
-Chakri…
-Let go of the gun!
-Let it go! Hey!
-Leave it!
Geetha! Geetha! Hey!
Geetha, open the door!
Hey, Geetha!
Geetha, open the door! Geetha!
Hey! I'm talking to you!
Open the door!
Geetha.
-Arjun!
-Yeah?
Come here. Bring me
the keys from the cupboard.
Dad, there are no keys. Only a gun.
A gun? Bring it here.
-Hello? Gambheera?
-What's wrong?
Come home this instant!
Climb! Climb! Quickly!
Give me the gun. Give it!
-Just like that. A little higher.
-Dad, I can't reach you.
Just a little higher.
-A little higher.
-Arjun?
Give it to me.
Mom!
Arjun!
What happened?
Arjun should never know the truth.
I'll take care. Don't worry.
Get out of here.
You believed what you saw was real.
Your dad made the mistake.
You fired the gun.
But Gambheera took the blame.
I realized later…
that not everything we see is real.
Should we…
bring him back?
There's only one thing
we can do for him now.
Let’s let him live in peace.
What… have I done!
So, the one who needs to die…
is not Dada… or Gambheera…
-It's me.
-Hey! Arjun!
What are you doing, Arjun?
Gambheera made me promise
to keep the truth hidden
to spare you from self-hatred.
He did all this… for our family.
I know where he is.
I need to go.
Use it correctly now.
Go.
-Arjun!
-Geetha.
The war has begun!
We can't stop it.
-Hello?
-I've placed bombs in nine spots.
And I've set them
to detonate at 9 o'clock on the dot.
Just like I promised
there will be
a party today… and a blast.
Thank you, Omi.
This is the best birthday gift.
As a return gift, I'll make you
the top arms dealer in the Middle East.
Enjoy the show!
Sir, Yukimura Shinzou
from Japan is here to meet you.
Yukimura Shinzou…
He used to be a Yakuza leader.
Once upon a time,
he ruled the international syndicate.
What does he need from me?
Excuse me, sir.
Sir, these weapons
are not allowed inside.
Do you have any problem, sir?
Sir, weapons are not allowed inside.
So, tell me. What brings you here?
Mr. David, I've come
to offer you my friendship.
Mr. Shinzou, my trust in friendship
died with the men
that I buried to get here.
OG!
How do I say this?
The Bombay gangster you hired
has no clue about OG.
OG?
OG is history!
History?
OG… erases history!
Death doesn’t come easily
for some people…
even when they long for it.
Every time he faces death,
death itself takes a step back in fear.
Every drop of blood he spills
only intensifies the fear.
Not interested!
Excuse me. I have a fire show to attend.
You please finish your drink
and leave at your convenience.
I can't believe your father, OG, is dead.
Is your father dead, honey?
-Go over there!
-Come on!
Here comes the hero!
Now the real fun begins!
Not fun, you fool…
It's death!
Death's here for you…
...in the form of Gambheera!
I'll welcome my death with your blood.
-Untie them.
-Okay.
Hey!
-Which floor?
-Sir, 37th.
There are only bodies
on the 37th floor, man!
He's probably on the 39th, sir.
We're going to the 39th.
39…
The guns we got
from the port are all there.
This is an ambush. Johnny…
Come on!
Hand it over!
Hey! Shoot me. Shoot me!
Shoot me! Shoot me!
Hey, Omi! Where are you?
Come out, you idiot!
-Come out!
-OG!
-Omi!
-If Omi comes out, you’ll die.
It's Gambheera! Ojas Gambheera!
If you truly love Taara,
drop your weapon
kneel down like a good father
and beg for your daughter's life.
Dad! Dad!
-Taara!
-Dad!
-Taara! Taara!
-Gambheera!
Your daughter is with us.
Drop the gun.
You don't have any other option!
You know why I called you here?
My entire life has been
a constant battle for the port.
It's reached Bombay now!
Back then,
I did not have anyone by my side.
But right now,
I have my son, Omi, with me.
Wow, Gambheera! Wow!
Where's my daughter?
Before you hear about your daughter…
let me tell you
how her mother died… No, no.
I mean, who killed her…
Don't you want to know?
Jimmy wasn’t the only one
at the hospital that day.
I was there too.
-Pathan!
-Yes, boss.
Hold a knife
to the old man’s throat and call me!
-Catch him!
-Understood, boss.
Ma'am! Please escape. Please leave.
Jimmy!
Catch him!
Jimmy, the boss wants us
to chase them. Hurry!
-How did he escape?
-Because of her!
You useless fools!
-You couldn't catch an old man!
-Gambheera…
Gambheera…
Gambheera will come…
He'll come and kill you--
You should've brought her to me
before you killed her.
Hey!
Where is my daughter? Where is she?
Where is she?!
Where is my daughter?!
Where is my daughter?
Do you want to talk to your daughter?
Where's my daughter?
-You want to talk to her, right?
-Where is she?
Do you want to talk to her?
Tawde!
-Yes, Omi. Tell me.
-Where's the girl?
She's right here.
Dad! Dad!
-Where are you, Dad?
-Let… let me speak.
-I'm scared, Dad!
-Give it to me.
-Finish her.
-Dad!
Dad.
-Dad! Dad!
-Taara… Taara!
-Dad!
-Taara, my dear!
Taara...
Taa…
No.
No, no, no!
You mustn't die just yet.
In a few moments, the entire city
of Bombay will be up in flames.
You must see that with your own eyes.
No more Bombay…
And no more OG.
Three…
Two…
One…
Boom!
What is happening? Huh?!
-What happened?
-Don't you get it?
-Dad.
-Taara!
-Dad!
Taara is safe.
Gambheera, put Omi down like a dog.
Remind the world who OG is!
Eagle, O Eagle…
Eagle, O Eagle!
To kill a wild Eagle...
The first thing you need to cut...
...is its wings!
When it falls to the ground,
you pluck out its eyes!
Then it becomes… blind.
It wouldn't know where to go.
That’s when…
You cut its legs
and make it immobile!
And that's when…
you pluck its wild heart out!
Eagle, O Eagle…
Eagle, O Eagle!
I knew you'd be back.
My friend.
Your son might be
the ten-headed demon, Ravana.
But my Gambheera…
He's a hero capable
of assuming ten divine forms!
You've only seen two of them.
Do you know what the final one is?
The Kalki avatar!
All that’s left now…
is the slaying of Ravana.
Go!
I’ll come back for my revenge, OG!
Who is he?
Orochi Genshin!
We thought he was dead.
He annihilated the Yakuza.
He beheaded my son, Kazao!
Our army won't be enough.
He is… the original gangster!
The storm in Bombay blew over.
No one knows about the hero
who saved the city.
Like you, I thought this story ended here.
But the story has just begun.
-Dad!
-Come here. Come to dad.
Arjun… Thank you.
Take care of Bombay.
-Gambheera!
-Yeah?
Will you come back?
Only if it's necessary.
Dad, what is OG?
OG?
How do I explain?
It's a long, long story.
Taara, do you know
Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose?
I don't know.
-Azad Hind Fauj?
-No.
How do I explain when you know nothing,
yet demand to know everything?